Adding custom exception when cache insert fails because of too many columns (#749)
huggingface/datasets-server: workers/datasets_based/README.md

- `FIRST_ROWS_MAX_NUMBER`: the max number of rows fetched by the worker for the split and provided in the /first-rows endpoint response. Defaults to `100`.
- `FIRST_ROWS_MIN_CELL_BYTES`: the minimum size in bytes of a cell when truncating the content of a row (see `FIRST_ROWS_ROWS_MAX_BYTES`). Below this limit, the cell content will not be truncated. Defaults to `100`.
- `FIRST_ROWS_MIN_NUMBER`: the min number of rows fetched by the worker for the split and provided in the /first-rows endpoint response. Defaults to `10`.

> - `FIRST_ROWS_COLUMNS_MAX_NUMBER`: the max numbers of columns allowed to fetch sample data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `FIRST_ROWS_COLUMNS_MAX_NUMBER`: the max number of columns (features) provided in the /first-rows endpoint response. If the number of columns is greater than the limit, an error is returned. Defaults to `1_000`.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
